---
layout: page
title: May 31, 2022
---

The CATCUS/P Colloquium is a regional event for the Capital Area (and broader friends) to gather and discuss recent results in Usable Security and Privacy. The Colloquium consists of both research talks and networking events, and is hosted twice a year.

**The next CACTUS will be held on Tuesday, May 31, 2022 at George Washington University.**

## Registration

To register for the event, please fill out the following [form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScsVHfxn-hlKoUDxc6IhWEpzAd0guHzuFtamwH8z-TKPy5Rew/viewform?usp=sf_link)


## Schedule -- May 31, 2022

**All events taking place in Science and Engineering Hall, Lehman Auditory (SEH B1270).** Research Talks will be 10-15 minutes with 5 minutes of questions. WiP /  Short Talks will be 3 minutes with 2 minutes of questions. 

* 9:30am-9:45am: Welcome and Intros

* 9:45am-10:45am: Research Talks
  
  * Yaxing Yao -- University of Maryland, Baltimore County
    * *Informing the Design of Privacy Awareness Mechanisms in Smart Homes from Users' and Bystanders’ Perspectives*
  * Omer AKgul -- University of Maryland, College Park
    * *Investigating Influencer VPN Ads on YouTube*
  * Collins Munyendo -- The George Washington University
    * *User Concerns with Mobile Loan Apps in Kenya*
  
* 10:45am-11:00am: Break

* 11:00am-11:15pm: BoF / WiP Mentoring Lunch plans

* 11:15am-11:45am: WiP / Short Talks

  * Kelsey Fulton -- University of Maryland, College Park
    * *Read, write, or fix? Exploring alternatives to code writing studies*
  * Xiaoyuan Wu -- George Washington University
    * *User Perception of Five-Word Passwords*
  * Dan Bailey	-- RUB
    * *PIN Threat Modeling*
  * Noel Warford  -- University of Maryland, College Park
    * *Understanding Digital Safety in Libraries*
  * David Balash -- The George Washington University
    * *Longitudinal Analysis of Privacy Labels in the Apple App Store*
    
* 11:45pm-1:15pm: Lunch on your own
 
  * Meet your mentor group and go get lunch

* 1:15pm-2:15pm: Research Talks
 
  * Jaron Mink -- University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
    * *DeepPhish: Understanding User Trust Towards Artificially Generated Profiles in Online Social Networks*
  * Tianshi Li -- Carnegie Mellon University
    * *Understanding Challenges for Developers to Create Accurate Privacy Nutrition Labels*
  * Dominik Wermke -- CISPA
    * *Committed to Trust*
  
* 2:15pm-2:30pm: Break

* 2:30pm-3:00pm: WiP / Short Talks

  * Nathan Reitinger -- University of Maryland, College Park
    * *ε-Differential Privacy, and a Two Step*
  * Mindy Tran	-- The George Washington University
    * *User Awareness of Phishing and WebAuthn*
  * Wentao Guo -- University of Maryland, College Park
    * *Interviewing Product Reviewers to Learn How and Why They Evaluate Security and Privacy*
  * Elena Korkes -- The George Washington University
    * *Educators' Security and Privacy Perceptions of Online Proctoring Services*
  * Julio Poveda -- University of Maryland, College Park
    * *Analyzing Security Advice for Survivors of Intimate Partner Violence on Reddit and Twitter*

* 3:00pm-3:15pm: Break

* 3:15pm-3:45pm: BoF 1 (TBD)

* 3:45pm-4:15pm: BoF 2 (TBD)

* 4:15pm-4:30pm: Closing

* 4:30pm: After hours (TBD)

## Location

All events will take place at the George Washington University (GW) in Science and Engineering Hall (SEH), 800 22nd St NW, Washington, DC 20052. Directions by metro and driving are provided [here](https://www.seas.gwu.edu/directions-campus).

When you arrive at SEH, head down the stairs/elevator one level to B1. We will be in SEH B1270, [Lehman Auditorium](https://seascf.seas.gwu.edu/lehman-auditorium). 

We will explore food options, but there are many places to eat breakfast, lunch, and dinner near campus.

If you are seeking hotel accommodations, GW partners with a number of [local hotels](https://ibuy.gwu.edu/discounted-lodging-foggy-bottommount-vernon-campuses) for a (small) discount.

## COVID Information

* GW has a [visitor policy](https://onward.gwu.edu/access#visitors) that requires vaccination  for attending on campus events, inside. You do not need to sign up for the Clear app, but you may be required to provide vaccination record upon request.

* As of April, 12, GW has a indoor mask mandate. This may change by the time of the event, but the event organizes kindly ask all attendees to wear a mask throughout the event while inside. 

